# DOCTOR-APPOINTMENT-SYSTEM
Bangladesh is a country of youth generation. In our way of life we confront a part of  issues. Illness is one of most common issues for a person’s life. On the off chance that  anyone is sick and needs to visit a specialist for checkup, he or she ought to visit the  clinic and holds up until the specialist is accessible. The quiet moreover holds up in a  line whereas getting appointment. If the specialist cancels the arrangement for a few  crisis reasons at that point the patient isn't able to know almost the cancelation of the  arrangement unless or until he or she visits the clinic. So, it's essential to urge a interview  with Specialists at whatever point we got affected with different maladies. As the web  is presently accessible for everybody hence anybody can utilize the online arrangement  framework to overcome such issues and burden for the patients. Vision of this venture is to make specialist quiet dealing with administration framework  that will offer assistance patients to book specialist arrangement and satisfy their  prospects. In this framework specialists are allowed to oversee their booking openings  in online, patients can make their arrangement to book empty openings as well. This is  often the framework of reservation for guiding by patients title. This framework  manages distinctive sorts of specialists at a time and patients can select their anticipated  one for booking. The framework moreover remains of the blood giver module which is  permitted for blood donation enrollment as well as finding blood gather for future utilize. 1.2 Motivation Emotions are the best way to express what a person is feeling at that particular time.  Now a day’s people share their views, emotions on social networking sites such as,  Facebook, twitter, instagrametc. Recently most of the people post status in Social  media. Most of the time it becomes tough to understand the rumor reading those  sentences. That’s why we have decided to detect rumor from text. We started to  Page 2 read research papers and found out that lots of work has been done with detecting  rumor in English. Then we start searching papers related to detecting rumor. Very  few works has been done. So, we thought that we will work rumor detection from  1.3 Objectives  Helping people to search for doctors and get appointment is our main objectives.  User can search doctors which can make sure to find specific doctor an easy task.  A platform where doctors can check patient previous medical history for better  checkup. To build a system with perfection, requirement collection is a must. The  study will gives a clearer idea of people’s need and the system that we are planning  to build as well as how much we are going to cover. The document will also  describe all the interactions between patients, doctors and admin. By above  document anyone will be able to understand the project at a glance. In this project.  A doctor can  ❏ Get appointment request  ❏ Access to this request  ❏ Check previous medical history  ❏ Able to get patient profile  ❏ Give appointment  And Patient can  ❏ View doctors list  ❏ Easily take doctor appointment  ❏ See when his/her expected doctor available  ❏ Able to see categorized doctors department  ❏ Purchase medicine  ❏ Hire ambulances  ❏ Get blood from donors  1.4 Expected Outcome There is an online scheduling system is commonly referred a Web-based pattern  that allows individuals to conveniently and securely book people appointments and  Page 3 reservations online through any web connected devices such as computer, laptop,  smart phone, tablets etc. Once a date and time are selected the system will give  booking confirmation and recorded documents for next requirement. The flexibility  of our system enables it to be utilized for a variety of different services and  activities for a patient and doctor, such as,  Time saving  Staff spends much time on the phone booking and can’t maintain appointment  properly so booking through online by individuals save time as they no longer have  to commit a part of their busy schedule to calling their medical, healthcare or  wellness provider. As an example, typically phone booking system spends an  average of four minute for booking hundred patients. Where our system is will take  less time.  Monetary saving In Doctor’s chambers the staffs are always ready to take money for giving  appointment to patients. It is an unethical way to get the faster appointment. In our  system people will able to see the whole slots of any doctor so he/she can make an  easy appointment for them whenever they need without paying extra money to the  staffs.  Sustain tranquility  If people gets ill and wants to visit a doctor for checkup, he or she needs to visit  the chambers and waits until the doctor is available. The patient also waits in a  queue while getting appointment. So there is a mess environment is possible. If the  doctor cancels the appointment for some emergency reasons then the patients are  try to make uproar in that places. In this system, no need to wait for a while in  queue and as patient will be able to see when doctors are available so that people  will easily avoid the massing situation.  1.5 Report Layout  We developed the Web-based system which name is “Medicate”. We tried to make  sure the project have completed in time. We have designed our workflow follows  by above:  In chapter 2, brief discussion on related works that are already implemented. And  Page 4 we made comparison with other. We have figured out the problem of current  system and tried to solve. What kind of Challenges we have faced for completing  this project also discussed on this chapter. In chapter 3 named Requirement Specification where we focused about business  process modeling, requirement collection and analysis, use case modeling and  descriptions, logical data model, design requirements. On chapter 4 named Design Specification we have tried to show the front-end  design, back-end design and Interaction design and UX. As well as we listed the  component that we used to build the system.  In chapter 5 named Implementation and testing where we discuss about the  Implementation of Database, Implementation of Front-end Design, Testing  Implementation, Test Result and Reports.  On chapter 6 we have discussed about the present condition and future scope of our  project. Also we have tried to cover the whole things what we have done in our  project is referred as conclusio
